[[!meta title="November 2015 online meeting"]]

[[!toc levels=1]]

# Volunteers to handle "[Hole in the roof](https://labs.riseup.net/code/versions/198)" tickets this month

  - Bertagaz will move forward on [[!tails_ticket 7675 desc="Persist entropy
    pool seeds"]] and [[!tails_ticket 7642 desc="Investigate whether we should
    ship /var/lib/urandom/random-seed"]]
  - Hybridwipe is working on [[!tails_ticket 5447 desc="Fix DVD eject at shutdown"]]
  - Sajolida will work on [[!tails_ticket 6907 desc="ikiwiki po plugin does not
    play well with inline directives"]]
  - During the next Tails Jessie sprint, would be nice if
    [[!tails_ticket 6174 desc="Test Pidgin SSL validation in Debian Jessie"]]
    was tackled.

# Important tickets flagged for next release but without assignee

  - [[!tails_ticket 9844]] didn't find an assignee
  - For [[!tails_ticket 9949 desc="Audit AppArmor policy vs. hard links"]],
    intrigeri who has followed it has been pinged for status or ETA update.

# Availability for LHF

Given how most of the last times went, where some people attended but
nothing happened, it seems necessary to discuss a bit more of this
sessions. An email will be sent on the tails-dev mailing-list by muri to
raise the issue, and until we settle on a better plan, the LHF sessions
won't be announced anymore.

# Availability for the month

  - u. will finish his work on the installer & the mirror scripts. and
    will mostly be available
  - spriver will go on getting Tails 100% german friendly
  - bertagaz will finish this test suite in Jenkins stuff, start to work
    on the monitoring of our services. Will mostly not be available when
    on Tails given the workload, and will have offline time in November.
  - Muri will do some translations, play with weblate, look into
    [[!tails_ticket 10438 desc="Research if we could do automatic screenshots
    for wiki l10n"]]
  - Sajolida will conduct user testing on the new greeter, work on the
    installation assistant, and do user testing on it too. Also help in
    the Tails Jessie migration sprint. Maybe tackle a call for donations
    if it's not too much.

# [[!tails_ticket 10188 desc="Draft text for the website about buying t-shirts"]]

Apart from the "The T-Shirts are made of organic cotton and fairly
produced." phrase which will be removed, the proposal is accepted. It
would have been worked on during the LHF... if this one stil existed in
November.
