[[!meta title="June 2015 online meeting"]]

[[!toc levels=1]]

# Volunteers to handle "[Hole in the roof](https://labs.riseup.net/code/versions/198)" tickets this month

_adamb will look into Vagrant issues. intrigeri may do some
docker-related procrastination.

# Availability and plans for monthly low-hanging fruits meeting

No one attending this meeting promised anything about the next LHF
session.

# [[!tails_ticket 9514 desc="Integrate a clipboard manager"]]

No one attending meeting were in favour so this ticket has been
rejected.

# [[!tails_ticket 8775 desc="Is it acceptable to allow the user Tor Launcher runs as (tor-launcher) to issue DNS queries in the clear?"]]

A consensus was reached about that adding this capability to a user
that already has full access to Tor's control port (and hence full
control of the Tor process, e.g. it can learn the external IP address
and reconfigure Tor in horrible ways) should not make the situation
any worse in case of a compromise. We're willing to do it, so only
some research about how to implement this safely and sanely remains,
and the ticket has been updated to reflect that.

Some very minor corner cases about the proxy provider being leaked was
discussed, but they were deemed too insignificant to care about.

# [[!tails_ticket 8825 desc="Provide default bridges"]]

It was agreed that in the context of Tails, until we have Tor config
persistence (#5461), too many users may use default bridges because
it's too painful to input bridges addresses manually each time you
boot. It was decided to postpone this until we have such
persistence. Since no user has requested this feature to knowledge of
those attending, it didn't seem very high-priority.

# [[!tails_ticket 8531 desc="Chromium extension to automatically verify the ISO checksum"]]

saint got some pointers about the recent developments of the Firefox
extension. Likely she/he will contact sajolida for more details.
